HTCONDOR-3247 Grammar fixes to user manual (#4539)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/users-manual/running-a-job-steps.rst

 Examine the results of a finished job.
     When your program completes, HTCondor will tell you (by e-mail, if
     preferred) the exit status of your program and various statistics about
     its performance, including time used and I/O performed. If you are
     using a log file for the job, the exit status will
     be recorded in there.  Output files will be transferred back to the
     submitting machine, if a shared filesystem is not used.  After the job
     completes, it will not be visible to the :doc:`/man-pages/condor_q` command,

>      but is queryable with the :doc:`/man-pages/condor_history` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     completes, it will not be visible to the :tool:`condor_q` command,
     but is queryable with the :tool:`condor_history` command.
```
